fix: ignore escaped commas in CSV checks (#832)
Unstructured-IO/unstructured: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixes

* CSV check now ignores escaped commas.

> * Fix for filetype exploration util for if file content does not have a commad.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix for filetype exploration util when file content does not have a comma.
```
